action so let's define f of X let's say
that f of X is going to be X minus 1
over X minus 1 and you might say hey Sal
look I have the same thing in the
numerator in the denominator if I have
something divided by itself that would
just be equal to 1
can't I just simplify this to f of X
equals 1 and I would say well you're
almost true the difference between f of
x equals 1 and this thing right over
here is that this thing can never eat
this thing is undefined when x is equal
to 1 because if you set let me define it
right let me write it over here if you
have f of sorry not F of 0 if you have F
of 1 what happens in the numerator you
get 1 minus 1 which is let me just write
it down in the numerator you get zero
and then the denominator you get 1 minus
1 which is also 0 and so anything
divided by 0 we're including 0 divided
by 0 this is undefined this is undefined
so you can make the simplification you
can say that this is you can say that
this is the same thing as f of X is
equal to 1 but you would have to add the
constraint that X cannot X cannot be
equal to 1 now this and this are
equivalent both of these are going to be
equal to 1 for all other X's other than
1 but at x equals 1 it becomes undefined
this is undefined and this one's
undefined so how would i graph this
function so let me graph it so that is
my y is equal to f of x axis y is equal
to f of x axis and then this over here
is my x axis x axis and then let's say
that this is the point X is equal to 1
this over here would be X is equal to X
is equal to negative 1 this is y is
equal to 1 right up there I could do
negative 1 with that matter much
relative to this function right over
here and let me graph it so it's
essentially for any X's for any X other
than 1 f of X is going to be equal to 1
so it's going to be look like this it's
going to look like this except at one at
one f of X is undefined so I'm going to
put a little bit of a gap right over
here the circle to signify